DD MMM YYYY - V x.x.xxx.x
    Bug #123 - FIXED - J1Sys plugin crashes on context menu click (right-click)
    Bug #124 - FIXED - Text in profile mapper popup for saving prompt has \n\n
    Bug #125 - FIXED - Profile editing, some controls are not anchored properly.
    Bug #126 - FIXED - Channel Mapper not removing channels that were placed by mistake and then deleted.
    Bug #127 - FIXED - Paste full channel events doesn't work right if a group is selected.

22 SEP 2013 - V 0.1.265.1  {BETA}
    Fixed grammar errors in release notes.  I'm a programmer, not a speller :D
    Fixed a channel count weirdness where the wrong count was shown when a group is selected.
    Added an extension method so that logging to crash.log can be called from any class.
    Bug #119 - FIXED - Channel events not working properly with groups, will put the marks on wrong channel.
    Bug #120 - FIXED - Ctrl-s (Save) is opening the sparkle function if the sequence is already in a saved state.
    Integrated the channel mapper into Vixen+
    Bug #121 - KNOWN ISSUE - If you select a light waveform background color, the tick marks are hard to see.
    Bug #122 - KNOWN ISSUE - If you use a profile with groups and use the wizard to create a new sequence, the
        groups do not show when the sequence is open.  Close the sequence and reopen it before doing anything with
        groups.  If you don't you will lose your existing group data.

02 SEP 2013 - V 0.1.245.1  {BETA}
    Bug #111 - FIXED - Red X of death.  When managing profiles, exiting can cause the Red X of death. 
    Bug #112 - ISSUE IN ELF - Elf does not work when a group is selected.
    Bug #113 - FIXED - Sort Order will move up by one when edit/manage a profile, eventually crashing the system.
    Bug #114 - MITIGATED - Looping will cause a crash if let running for a long period. "Fix" writes to crash.log
        if the values are out of range to help with root cause diagnostics.
    Bug #115 - FIXED - Drawing intensity in percentage mode sets intensity to the incorrect level.
    Bug #116 - FIXED - Selecting sequence length on toolbar and pressing enter says it reset the length even though
        nothing changed.
    Bug #117 - CAN NOT REPRODUCE - Channel Order does not show correctly on toolbar when a sequence is opened.
        Tested with both profile and non-profile sequences.
    Bug #118 - FIXED - Test channels and test console open multiple instances.

31 AUG 2013 - V 0.1.243.1  {BETA}
    Bug #104 - FIXED - Beat track tapping in audio dialog not working.
    Bug #105 - FIXED - Channel count on toolbar not updated correctly when creating new sequence.
    Bug #106 - NOT FIXED - Profile rename actually copies profile and doesn't rename.
    Bug #107 - FIXED - Profile rename can overwrite an existing profile if the same name is used.
    Bug #108 - FIXED - Remove a channel crashes when trying to rename channels after removing a channel.
    Bug #109 - FIXED - Routine dialog crashes when there are not any routines to select.
    Bug #110 - CAN NOT REPRODUCE - Sort order UI has some weird behavior when moving channels around.
    Grammar errors fixed.
    Buttons fixed on profile dialog screen. No text was appearing.

26 JLY 2013 - V 0.1.207.1  {BETA}
    Bug #100 - NOT FIXED - Certain DPI do not render well in Vixen+. See forum for work around.
    Bug #101 - FIXED - Crash when small grid window and a cell get clicked.
    Bug #102 - FIXED - SaveAs...crashes when there is nothing to save.
    Bug #103 - FIXED - Channel context menu doesn't operate with mapped channels correctly.
    Enhancement - Context copy channel now use the clicked channel as the default source.
    Enhancement - (partial fix for errors from bug #100) - Can select, in preferences, if you want to use
       the check mark for highlighting selections or just use the regular windows methodology.
    Enhancement - Buggos.

20 JLY 2013 - V 0.1.201.1  {BETA}
    Bug #11 - Under specific circumstances, fire effects (and possibly others) will not render properly.  Found
        that the effect was not being initialized properly in all cases.
    Bug #12 - Updating sequence length on the tool bar did not change sequence.  (Need to press Enter)
        There were various presumptions that I made about this tool and that impacted the implementation, mimic
        what KC did in 2.5.
    Bug #13 - Updating channel count on the toll bar did not change channel count.  (Need to press Enter) There
        were various presumptions that I made about this tool and that impacted the implementation, mimic what 
        KC did in 2.5.
    Bug #14 - Deleting a channel from a group deletes all channels with the same name.  Now check that name and
        underlying channel number match.
    Bug #15 - Some combination of changes to a group and sequence will cause the group to be out of sync with the
        sequence.  Now save the group only when the sequence is saved.
    Bug #16 - Zoom levels are not saving with groups.  Saving now when sequence is saved.
    Bug #17 - Add and remove channels from the main screen works properly now on groups as well.
    Disabled Nutcracker (Not done)
    Disabled UI indicator for bookmarks (Is crashing UI at times)
    Disabled Automatic update checking (Is crashing on server timeout at times)
    Code cleanup, changed static class to extention methods where it made sense.  Code reads cleaner.
    Killed off 9 different TODO items.
    

06 JLY 2013 - V 0.0.186.1 (Private BETA)
    Bug #9 Fixed, Improper setup of preview was not handled gracefully.  Now we just state in setup that it
        is not setup properly and don't crash.
    Bug #10 Fixed, Channel mapping was not working for everything.  Rewrite of the mapping portions and how
        the effects that use them.
    Added more robust, hopefully, logging of errors.
    Added Routine color preference
    Code clean up and did some old to do tasks.

04 JLY 2013 - V 0.0.184.1 (Private BETA)
    Bug #5 Fixed, Undo/Redo not working right on non 1 to 1 channel mapping.  Ripped out the old way of doing
        undo/redo of passing channel numbers around and just pass a reference to the channel object itself.
    Bug #6 Fixed, Random took too long to generate on large selections.  I was iterating over the entire collection
        on each generation to ensure the satuaration was correct, reimplemented that algorithm to be more efficient.
    Bug #7 Fixed, Random would not generate proper levels if Vary Intensity was selected and was using percentages.  
        I was calculating the value from % twice, causing an incorrect value.
    Bug #8 Fixed, Can't double click on the last row. The label that follows the selection was getting in the way
        and receiving the click.  I made a new label control that windows sees as transparent and will not capture
        the click allowing it to pass through to the underlying control.
    Removed some dead code.
    Nutcracker will now render (well somewhat) it will post all effects starting in the first row and column.
    Polished up the initial directory selection and added a link to that dialog in preferences.
    Proper grammar in credits.
    Final step of sequence creation wizard will now change next button to create it.

02 JLY 2013 - V 0.0.182.2 (Private BETA)
    Bug #4 Fix: If you select more than one row and then paste that selection on the last row, system crashes.
        Was not checking if the paste went beyond the last row when storing undo/redo data.

02 JLY 2013 - V 0.0.182.1 (Private BETA)
    Bug #3 Fix: If nutcracker default files were missing or not found, would crash.  Removed the need for
        default files by just adding them progammatically if needed.
    Added this ReleaseNotes.txt file
    Added License files to the releases
    Fixed Names in Credits
    Removed use of redirect.data and added data.dir.  Now will ask user upon first run for data directory
    Added Version # to crash.log
    Took all of the libraries out of the project root

01 JLY 2013 - V 0.0.181.1 (Private BETA)
    Released J1Sys Output Plugin
    Renamed the redirect.data file to redirect.data.no so that the default behavior will occur.
    Bug #2 Fix: If channel output orders do not match channel number, groups do not work properly.
        Was only capturing the channel output number, not the channel number.

30 JNE 2013 - V 0.0.180.2 (Private BETA)
    Change Build Number Layout (Major.Minor.BuildDay.BuildNum)
    Bug #1 Fix: Will not persist any changes to channel properties when using a profile.
        Was not persisting the profile on a change to these properties.
    Released the Open DMX and DMX Pro Output Plugins

30 JNE 2013 - V 0.0.1.180 (Private BETA)
    Initial Private Beta Release